update docs for lark support bot (#22425)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction.md

## Interact with support tickets

> In the **PingCAP Support Group** of Lark, after you [create a support ticket](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-creation.md#create-a-support-ticket), the bot replies with the ticket link in the message thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you [create a support ticket](/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-creation.md#create-a-support-ticket) in the **PingCAP Support Group** on Lark, the bot replies with the ticket link in the message thread.
```

![lark-ticket-interaction-1](/media/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction-1.png)

Customers subscribed to the **Premium** [support plan](/tidb-cloud/connected-care-detail.md) can use two-way information synchronization between Lark and the ticket system.

When a support engineer responds to the ticket, the response will be synchronized to the Lark message thread, so you do not need to visit the support portal to view them. You can reply directly in the same message thread, and your replies will also be synchronized to the ticket system.

> With this capability, customers subscribed to the **Premium** support plan can quickly create, respond to, and manage tickets without leaving Lark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this capability, if you subscribe to the **Premium** support plan, you can quickly create, respond to, and manage tickets without leaving Lark.
```

> ## Interact with support tickets

Reviewer 2: If a ticket is not created via Lark, can customers interact with it via Lark?

In the PingCAP Support Lark group, you only need to mention **PingCAP Support Bot** and describe the problem in a message. Then, the bot will send you an ephemeral card message that is only visible to you.

![lark-ticket-interaction-1](/media/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction-1.png)

Fill in the card according to your actual problem, and then click **Submit** to submit the ticket. Please note that the "Reporter" field should be the email address you use in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/).

![lark-ticket-interaction-2](/media/tidb-cloud/connected-lark-ticket-interaction-2.png)

> 

Author: LGTM
